.\" ***** BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK *****
.\" Version: MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1
.\"
.\" The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version
.\" 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
.\" the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\" http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
.\"
.\" Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License
.\" for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the
.\" License.
.\"
.\" The Original Code is the Microline Widget Library, originally made available under the NPL by Neuron Data <http://www.neurondata.com>.
.\"
.\" The Initial Developer of the Original Code is
.\" Netscape Communications Corporation.
.\" Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 1998
.\" the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.
.\"
.\" Contributor(s):
.\"
.\" Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of
.\" either the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or
.\" the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),
.\" in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead
.\" of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only
.\" under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to
.\" use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your
.\" decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice
.\" and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete
.\" the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under
.\" the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.
.\"
.\" In addition, as a special exception to the GNU GPL, the copyright holders
.\" give permission to link the code of this program with the Motif and Open
.\" Motif libraries (or with modified versions of these that use the same
.\" license), and distribute linked combinations including the two. You
.\" must obey the GNU General Public License in all respects for all of
.\" the code used other than linking with Motif/Open Motif. If you modify
.\" this file, you may extend this exception to your version of the file,
.\" but you are not obligated to do so. If you do not wish to do so,
.\" delete this exception statement from your version.
.\"
.\" ***** END LICENSE BLOCK *****
.TH XmLTreeAddRows 3X "R1" "XML1" "XML"
.SH NAME
XmLTreeAddRows \- add rows to a Tree
.SH SYNTAX
void XmLTreeAddRows(\fIwidget\fP, \fIrows\fP, \fIcount\fP, \fIposition\fP)
.br
Widget \fIwidget\fP;
.br
XmLTreeRowDefinition *\fIrows\fP;
.br
int \fIcount\fP;
.br
int \fIposition\fP;
.LP
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP \fIwidget\fP 1i
Tree widget ID
.IP \fIrows\fP 1i
array definining rows to add
.IP \fIcount\fP 1i
number of rows
.IP \fIposition\fP 1i
position of rows to add
.SH DESCRIPTION
Adds \fIcount\fP content rows to the Tree at the specified \fIposition\fP.
A position of 0 indicates the first position and a position of -1
specifies after the last position.
The row levels, expansion abilities, expansion states, strings and pixmaps
for the rows are defined by their value in the \fIrows\fP array passed to this
function.  Each item in the array defines a row to be added to the Tree.
The \fIpixmap\fP, \fIpixmask\fP and \fIstring\fPs defined will appear in
the first cell of the row.  The pixmap and pixmask values may be
XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP, in which case, the default pixmap
will be displayed.  If \fIexpands\fP is True for a row, the row
may be expanded by the user.  The \fIisExpanded\fP flag
indicates if a row is currently expanded (True) or not (False).
The XmString strings contained in the array are copied by the Tree
and should be freed when they are no longer used.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
XmLTree(3X) XmLTreeAddRow(3X)
